fix: Add Solution in Curriculum/Challenges/English/08/CodingInterviewProblems/DataStructures/CREATE_LINKED_LIST_CLASS.md (#35819)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/08-coding-interview-prep/data-structures/create-a-linked-list-class.english.md

<section id='solution'>

```js
function LinkedList() { 
  var length = 0; 
  var head = null; 

  var Node = function(element){
    this.element = element; 
    this.next = null; 
  }; 

  this.head = function(){
    return head;
  };

  this.size = function(){
    return length;
  };

  this.add = function(element){
    // Only change code below this line
    if (head == null) {
      head = new Node(element);
    } 
    else {

>       let headCopy = head;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      let currentNode = head;
```

>       while (headCopy.next != null) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      while (currentNode.next != null) {
```

>         headCopy = headCopy.next; //headCopy.next is now the last node of linked list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       currentNode = currentNode.next; // currentNode.next will be last node of linked list after loop
```

      }

>       headCopy.next = new Node(element);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      currentNode.next = new Node(element);
```
